== README

To setup:

* On your host, install ruby 2.3.1

* Run:

    gem install librarian-chef

* Install PostgresDB.

* Install Vagrant.

* Install VirtualBox.

* Run:

    vagrant plugin install vagrant-vbguest

* Clone the Skeleton Rails Project repo to your machine.

* Enter your project directory.

* Add your public key to the vagrant folder.

* Create an append_authorized_keys file within the vagrant folder and add your public key to that file.

* Run:

    librarian-chef install

* Once chef is complete, run:

    vagrant up

* To SSH into your VM, run:

    vagrant ssh

* Once inside your vm, run:

    cd /srv/webmocks-example-project

* Run:

    sudo gem install bundler
    bundle

* Create config/dotenv/.env by adding your db credentials.

    DEVELOPMENT_HOST=10.0.2.2
    DEVELOPMENT_DATABASE=webmocks_example_development
    DEVELOPMENT_DB_USERNAME=YOUR_DB_USER
    DEVELOPMENT_DB_PASSWORD=YOUR_DB_USER_PASSWORD
    DEVELOPMENT_SECRET_TOKEN=GET_SECRET_TOKEN

* Create config/dotenv/.env.test by adding the following:

    TEST_HOST=10.0.2.2
    TEST_DATABASE=webmocks_example_test
    TEST_DB_USERNAME=YOUR_DB_USER
    TEST_DB_PASSWORD=YOUR_DB_USER_PASSWORD
    TEST_SECRET_TOKEN=GET_SECRET_TOKEN

* Run:

    rake db:create db:migrate db:seed

* To start server run:

    rails s -p 8080
    or for https
    bundle exec puma -C config/puma.rb

Notes:

* This project follows a file structure we developed on previous projects. If you do not need a particular folder for your project, feel free to trim back the structure.

* This project comes with prepopulated with rubocop and reek rules.

* Capybara is used for feature testing. This project comes with a preconfigured capybara helper found in spec/support.

* The Poltergeist driver is included for testing. The capybara helper and the spec helper are configured to use it. These files can be found in the spec and spec/support folders respectively.

* For testing, a database cleaner helper is included in spec/support. The developer can modify the DB cleaning strategy for testing from this file.

* Out of the box, rake should be green.
